objective- HERE I have created a password genrator with help of Html , Css,Js that have below feartures :- 
          1. we can control the lenghth of newly genrated  password
          2. we can increase strength of password by including uppercase latter, lowercase latters , numbers, symbols 
          3. finally we can copy our genrated password and use

steps:-
   HTML-
       1. make a container to bring our app in center
       2. make a input box to show generated password
       3. make a slider to decide the length of the password  with help of the input field range (1,30)
       4. checkboxes design- make 4 checkboxes for uppercase, lowercase, numbers, and symbols and in labels of input type checkboxes we will write descriptions of all four types checkboxes
       5. genrate button - make genrate button for genrating password

  CSS:-
      1. we given default margins and paddings and in body we use  display-flex to make it centered with help of justify-content and align item-center and make gradient backgrownd
      2. Container design--now lets design our main container -given border, border radius, padding , margins  and given transparent background and in last makes it display-flex for future uses
      3. inside container - passbox design- - now design h1 inside cointaier and design passbox ... margin-block(used for top bottom margin / margin-inline -left-right margin) , 
                            and disabled the inputbox so that no one can not write in side that box , and make text-overflow:ellipses to not overflow from box
      4. slider design- now design slider eith help of dispaly-flex and flex-basis:100%(it gives initial width)
      5. checkboxes-   use same as slider flex-basis to put checkbox and label on left and right corner of a row , set fonts  , follow same steps for all 4 checkboxes 
      6. genrate button- give bg and set paddings , fonts, margin ,make font bold , set cursor-pointer , and added a hover features to changes color while hovering on button
      7.copybutton- to show copy icon in passbox i will use google icons , add google icons link in html head and add copyicon inside passbox
                    to show copy icon inside passbox we will use absolute positioning wrt passbox

 JS:-
     1. slider-Initially we access the input slider and sliderval as getElementByid  and store inputsliderval into sliderval to show password len
        to make this slider val showable according slider change we will add a eventlistener as addEventListener on input operation and action willl be showing pass len
     2. now same as above we willl acess all other fileds like passbox, lowercase,uppercase, symbol, numbers, genratebutton by getElementById
     3. genrateButton- we will add a addEventListner as click on genratebutton and after clicking it will perform a task according genratepassword() function and update/store result into passbox
                       genratepassword()- here we will strore all results inside a varible string  "genpassword" , now to genrate rendom val from numbers , chracter , symbools 
                                           we will use random module in javascript
                                           randomNumbers- for random numbers i used math.random and use floor to it to give val as proper decimals and i can also multipy with any multiples
                                           randomCharcters - here also i will use same math.random and floor to make proper decimal and multiply with AlphabetsLength to give  rabdom val inside 1-26
                                           alllchars- whatever user will select and whatever will be genrated randomly it will store inside allChars varible according checked boxes
                                           for loop- we will run to genrate multiple len password i will use loop till inputsliders's len
     4. copy- to copy genrated password we will aplly listener "click" and operation will be performed using below class if passbox.value.length>=1
              navigator.clipboard.writetext(passbox.value)
              in copyicon.title we will add "password copied " to indicate user that your genrated password is copied 
              here i will also added a check correct sign after password copied and after sometime it became normal to work for next genrated password - here to time period i willuse settimeout()
     5. to make all checkboxes initially checked i mark all checked ,


challenges :--
             1.Designing a password genrator logic was difficult to proceed intially but by step by step logic i did 
             2.
     
                             
      
